Previously on "The Path"...
‐ Why would you choose
a religion
that would never choose you?
‐ It's not just
about the religion, Hawk.
It's about my family.
I‐it's everything.
I will lose everything!
Three women are accusing
you of groping them.
You go.
I can't run a session
like that.
‐ Yes, you can help him
more than I can.
‐ It's time
for the real work to begin.
‐ Okay.
What happened with Steve‐‐
Eddie will end this.
‐ I don't want it
to end either.
All the memories
are in there,
in the cave
with he painted flowers.
I just need to find it.
Sarah and I have decided
that, uh... she will no longer
be a part of The Movement.
‐ Take this.
It's what The Light
revealed to me.
I'm just asking you
to sit down with her.
She has a different story
of the beginning
and the end.
‐ Where is she?
She came out of surgery.
I'm worried
something's happened.
‐ Tell her I want to talk
to her immediately, okay?
‐ So she doesn't know
that Eddie dies.
Lilith is my mother.
‐ You're telling me
that Steve is your father?
‐ He's gonna die soon.
I saw it.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
This was amazing,
because three months earlier,
I myself had had a dream
about a man carrying
a pregnant woman through fire.
So, when I overhear this man‐‐
this custodian
in one of my hotels,
a man I have never spoken to
or met in my life‐‐
talking about a man saving
a woman from fire,
it was abundantly
clear to me...
that something remarkable was
presenting itself to me.
Two days later,
I attended my first
Meyerist meeting.
There were hundreds
of people there.
I was overjoyed and shocked.
There were villagers,
shop owners, young kids,
and even a few stiffs
in suits like me.
‐
‐ That night...
was the first time I saw images
of this mythical American...
Eddie Lane.
And when I was first introduced
to The Ladder...
From that moment on...
all I have ever wanted
was to climb.
But, um, we've never
done any outreach
in Asia‐‐none.
‐ I know.
Believe me, I know.
I've long been skeptical
of these missionaries
preying on our people.
When I first encountered
Meyerism,
I was looking for the scam‐‐
the illusion,
the explanation, the strings.
‐ Every so often,
things just happen.
‐ It happened...
because
it cannot be stopped.
The message is spreading...
which is why I...
invited you all here tonight.
This is my resort property
on Kuta Beach.
I would like,
with your permission,
to convert it into the first
Meyerist Center in Asia.
The logistics are under way.
I was too giddy to wait,
I must admit.
And if we stay on schedule,
I would like to unveil it
to you‐‐
to the world...
on the next hunter's moon,
next month.
‐
‐ I'll go.
I mean, look at these beaches.
‐ Right.
‐ I would like
our countrymen...
to learn everything
that Steven Meyer learned
from The Light.
‐ Um... well...
Everything, um, learned
from The Light
belongs to Eddie Lane now.
Anything to be learned
will be taught by Eddie.
‐ Hmm.
‐ To The Light in Bali.
To The Light in Bali.
My mother always told me
that The Movement's growth
would lead to its collapse.
‐ So you're saying
that Bali is a bad idea?
‐ No, um...
‐ Look, Vera, you're not
under your mother's thumb...
anymore.
‐ Yeah, I know that.
It's hard to hear someone be
so 100% certain
about something so terrifying.
‐ Ah, I get that,
but, hey, look,
whatever happens
is going to happen.
I mean, I didn't have
anything to do
with introducing Meyerism
to Bali, but here we are.
I mean, we're going
to fucking Bali.
All right?
Come on.
‐ Hey, Eddie.
Do you‐‐do you think
we'll recover?
‐ Vera.
‐ Yeah, I know. I'm...
I'm sorry. It's just...
y‐you look at me differently.
‐ Hey.
Look, I just don't know
how to look at you
and not make it...
you know, different.
You know, I don't know how
to keep talking about this
or not keep talking about this.
I'm just...
processing.
That's all. Okay?
That's just gonna
take some time.
Okay?
So just give me that.
It's gonna be... great.
‐ Yeah. It will.
‐ It will.
Come here.
We're both wiped.
You have the AL tomorrow.
Let's just get some rest.
‐ Yeah, that'll be good.
‐ Absolutely.
‐ I think there's
someone in there.
‐
Wait, wait, wait.
Stay here.
Okay?
‐ Yeah.
‐ Good.
Jesus!
Hawk!
‐ I'm sorry.
I‐I thought‐‐
‐ What?
‐
I need your keys.
I was looking for your keys
to the Prius lot.
‐ Why didn't you ask first
before breaking in?
‐ 'Cause I thought
you'd say no.
‐ Say no to what?
‐ I got a letter.
It's from Caleb.
Well, I mean, it's not‐‐
it's "from Caleb,"
but it's not from Caleb.
It's...
‐ Hey, Hawk.
‐ Hi, Vera.
‐ Look...
I can tell that you're...
very torn up about whatever's
happening with Caleb.
But you have to promise me
that you will not do
anything like this again.
‐ Yeah.
Okay.
‐ Okay?
‐ Yeah.
Just... read it.
I mean, there's no way
he wrote that.
"I ask you as a friend
to respect my decision
to better myself."
"My commitment to The Light
of this World, Jesus Christ."
What the fuck is that?
He's in trouble there, Dad,
and I have to go help him.
‐ Where?
Maryland?
‐ I need a car.
‐
Five minutes
means five minutes.
500 bucks means five minutes.
‐ How long did you say
since she's been here?
‐ I have no idea.
Where are you going?
Hey!
Hey, hey, hey.
‐ Can you get in the mailbox?
‐ Are you fucking
kidding me, lady?
I'm serious.
Don't push me on this, lady.
Lady, I swear to God...
Are you listening?
Hey, I'm over here!
We're done.
That's it.
Time's up.
I'm talking to you.
Listen to me.
You're out.
We're done.
Let's go.
Now.
Now! Right now! Out!
All right, so this is
what's on the schedule
for the next couple days.
We rescheduled
that podcast thing,
so don't worry about that.
‐ Uh‐huh.
‐ And I'm still getting
some blowback
about the arbitration
contracts.
So, if that flares up
for whatever reason,
just give me a call.
‐ No, if anything comes up,
I'll call you.
‐ Not because I need to know
anything about it, but just...
I don't want you to feel
that you have to put out
these fires on your own.
Not that there's gonna
be any fires,
but just if there are.
‐ I understand.
‐ All right, then.
Um, should be gone just a day,
two tops.
‐ Just you and Hawk?
‐ Yeah.
‐ Nice.
‐ Well, it's, um...
it's Caleb‐related.
His folks sent him
to one of those Christian
re‐education places.
‐ Oh. That is horrible.
It's‐‐that's criminal.
‐ Yeah, well, it should be.
‐ Yeah, it should be.
‐ I don't know what we're
really getting ourselves into,
but, uh, Hawk's pretty adamant.
You know, he has
to talk to him, has to try.
‐ That's really admirable.
‐ Yeah, I agree.
‐ No, I mean‐‐
I mean of you.
‐ Oh, well, no.
‐ It is.
It is.
Even change you believe in
is hard.
You know,
I'm impressed...
father to father.
‐ Thank you.
That's nice of you to say.
Oh, one last thing.
It's the only
special instruction.
Vera is taking
an accelerated AL.
You know, I was
gonna facilitate,
but, you know, she needs this.
‐ Absolutely.
‐ It'd mean a lot to her.
And to me, too.
‐ Of course.
‐ Look...
Cal, I...
trust you completely.
Okay?
I want you to know that.
All right.
Thanks, man.
‐ Hey.
What do you want?
He wants me to
take things over
for a couple of days.
‐ Okay, but you're still gonna
make it to Washington, right?
N‐no, actually, no.
No, I can't.
‐ What?
This is a fucking joke, right?
Harbaugh is expecting us.
‐ I‐I know.
I'm sorry, but this is, um...
You know, I‐I have to stay.
‐ No, you're choosing to.
You're choosing to stay.
You're choosing Eddie over us.
‐
Well, I'll call JP, okay?
I'll call Harbaugh
and, uh‐‐and whoever else
you think I need to call.
I'll handle it.
‐ Oh, you will?
- Okay.
- I will.
And, uh, you know,
I'll grovel, Mary.
You know, I'll them that,
as inconceivable
as it might sound,
the actual Movement
needs my actual attention.
‐ Well, I'm still going.
‐ Um, no‐‐
Well, I mean, I don't know‐‐
I don't know
if that's a good idea.
Harbaugh is‐‐
No, and you there on your own?
‐ Well, I don't think
it's a good idea for you
to do anything
on your own right now,
especially here, what with
all the memory recall
and the weird drawings
of mysterious caves.
- ‐ What about Forest?
- Use the nursery.
We live in a collective
community, remember?
‐
Hey.
‐ I've been calling you
for hours.
Didn't Hawk tell you
that we're driving out
to Maryland?
‐ Yeah, it's‐‐
it's not about that.
- Is he with you now?
- Yeah. He's in the store.
Why?
Is something wrong?
‐ Vera isn't
who she says she is.
‐ Look, I know, okay?
She told me everything.
‐ Wait. You know?
Look, it's really
complicated, Sarah.
‐ Well...
what did she say
she was doing?
‐ She apologized, okay?
And we are trying
to move forward.
Wait. She apologized,
and you didn't think
to tell me?
I've been obsessed
with Lilith for months.
‐ Look, I only just
found this out myself, okay?
Am I supposed
to tell you everything?
‐ Why is she here?
‐ She's becoming
a Meyerist, okay?
Can we just talk
about this later?
Hawk's coming.
Her mother
is missing, Eddie.
Look, I don't know anything
about her mother, okay?
Just let it go.
‐ Who's that?
‐ Your mom says hi.
What did she want?
Just divorce stuff.
It's fine.
Really, it's fine.
‐ It's about Vera?
‐ Mm‐hmm.
‐ Is it real?
‐ What?
‐ You and her.
‐ Yeah, it is.
‐ You don't seem too happy
for a guy in love.
‐ Well, neither do you.
Is that why you came?
Get away from all that stuff?
‐ No, I came because I want
to try to help you out,
if I can.
All right?
It's just...
things have been hard lately
with Vera.
‐ Why?
‐ You just never really know
someone, I guess.
‐ You don't know Vera?
‐ No.
All of us,
we just have so much stuff.
Sometimes that stuff can
make you fall
deeper in love
with that person.
Other times, that stuff...
doesn't make you love
them any less.
It just...
makes you love them
differently.
And that is harder
than it sounds.
‐
‐ Isn't this meant
to be in total darkness?
Hence the term
"Absence of Light"?
Yeah, and typically,
there'd be 20 people with you.
You're doing
the hard‐core version.
But, you know,
this is just a backup.
‐ Hmm.
So, um...
people see things, hmm?
Sometimes?
‐ It's happened, for sure.
Visions,
out‐of‐body experiences.
Whatever has been pushed down
deep into your psyche...
it can come out.
‐ There's a lot in my psyche.
‐ You don't have to do this.
‐ Oh, no, I do.
I need this. I...
have to face things
once and for all,
and I need to break
the connections with...
I wish Eddie was here.
I'm sorry.
I...
I didn't mean...
‐ No, it's‐‐it's fine.
It's fine.
Of course you wish
Eddie was here.
You know?
I‐I wish Eddie was here.
‐ So you wouldn't have
to endure this...
This exact awkward moment
that you're experiencing
right now?
A woman whispering
to the tree
about her boyfriend?
‐ Yeah.
Exactly.
That is exactly why.
‐
Did it help you?
You know, when...
when you did this‐‐your AL?
Did it... did it help you
face some of the past?
‐ Huh.
I...
I literally have
zero recollection
of my own AL.
Isn't that weird?
I‐I've been to the site
dozens of times.
I've made the trip with others,
but‐‐but I can't...
I can't sift through that
to find my own experience.
That, uh...
that saddens me, to be honest.
‐ I'm sorry.
I‐it's...
it's there somewhere, right?
Everything is.
‐
Yeah, everything is.
All right, I trust you will...
focus your meditation
between now and sunrise
tomorrow...
No matter what you end up
doing with this...
this campfire,
but, you know, just in case.
‐ Mm.
No, I, um...
I want to commit.
Are you gonna
let me see her or not?
I know she's here.
She's probably
in Eddie's cabin.
‐ That may be, but you're not
on the visitors list.
‐ Oh, my God.
This is ridiculous.
‐ No visitors
that aren't on the list.
‐ It's not ridiculous.
It's for everyone's safety.
‐ You know what? I have been
a Meyerist my whole life.
‐ Except for right now.
Right now
you're not a Meyerist,
and you're not
on the list, so...
Hey!
I need assistance.
I got an intruder
on the compound.
Vera?
I want to talk to you!
You can't be
on the property, ma'am!
‐ I'm not going anywhere
until I talk to Vera!
Vera! Get off‐‐
Leave me alone!
Get off of me!
Take your‐‐don't...
Vera!
Vera! Vera!
We believe that life,
at its essence,
is a series
of habits, rituals, routines.
We do not believe
that wayward souls respond
in any meaningful way
to fear or pain
or torture or...
anything you might've seen
- on "Dateline."
- Hmm.
Waywards require
structure‐‐
social structure,
family structure,
romantic structure.
This keeps their minds
on God's goodness‐‐
which is right
in front of them‐‐
and not on the D word's
sinfulness,
which is around the corner
in some dark alley somewhere.
What denomination are you?
‐ Catholic.
‐ Oh.
That's... okay.
Practicing, I assume?
‐ Of course.
And when would you say
Hawk's proclivities
began to reveal themselves?
‐ Um...
‐
It's, uh... it's hard to say.
‐ It's all so hard
to talk about.
It's so icky.
‐ Um, I only
started acting...
on it recently.
‐ But you have acted on it.
The more that is there,
the more there is to undo.
We can get into
all these specifics later.
So a couple of months,
you said?
Right?
Any particular reason for that,
would you say,
off the top of your head?
A death in the family?
Trouble between Mom and Dad?
‐ Well, actually, both.
Hawk's mother and I
have been separated
for a few months now, and...
‐ Well...
lookee there.
Now, you listen to me, Dad.
This is not your fault, okay?
There may be reasons,
but there are no excuses.
Right, Hawk?
‐ Of course.
‐ Right.
‐ Hey... Clayton, um...
do you think
that you and I could talk
privately for a moment?
‐ Of course.
Of course.
Hawk, you mind giving us
a second, buddy?
There's a chair right outside
in the hallway.
‐ Certainly.
Thank you.
‐ Thanks, kid.
‐ No sweets for you, young man.
Not yet.
This is set, so...
ah, without any further ado.
Just really try to be
with the guy or gal sitting
across from you.
Eye contact, everyone.
- Remember that?
- Yeah.
And not to get all
fortune cookie on you,
but being present
is really important.
‐ It's true.
It's easier not to think about
the "what else"
or "who else"
when you're just right there,
with the person
in front of you.
- But most importantly...
- ‐
- ‐ Have fun.
- ‐ That's right.
Now, as far as homework goes,
that isn't half bad, right?
‐ I'm Caleb...
‐ Hey.
I'm getting you out of here.
Come on.
‐ No, look, I‐I can't.
I can't leave.
You have to stop this, Hawk.
Really, you have to‐‐
‐ Just come on. Let's go.
‐ No, seriously,
stop this, Hawk.
‐ Come on.
‐ Don't, Hawk.
‐ Don't do this.
‐ What is wrong with‐‐
‐ Hawk.
You're leaving!
I'm staying!
- Who are you?
- Caleb?
- It's okay.
- Hey.
He's leaving.
‐ Let's get out of here.
‐ Hey.
‐ Why are you doing this?
‐ To tune ourselves in
to the frequency of the Lord.
To hear His message
loud and clear.
- ‐ You're deluded.
- Am I?
Or are you?
Okay, thank you.
Uh, I see our wonderful staff
waiting for me to wrap it up,
and, uh, well, honestly,
I can't compete with sand dabs.
So...
I'll say this in conclusion.
The fight that the Americans
for Reproductive Freedom
is waging
against the dark forces
in our society‐‐
forces that are hell‐bent
on dictating
what women can and cannot do
with their own bodies‐‐
is one of the most important
and righteous fights
taking place
in our nation today.
It's a privilege to have
the AFRF's support.
And as both a congressman
and a citizen,
it's an honor
to offer them mine.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
And without further ado,
the sand dabs.
Thank you all.
Good night.
‐ Wonderful remarks,
Congressman.
Thank you for being here.
‐ Oh, it's my pleasure.
Truly.
‐ Your associate
mentioned to us
that you
haven't written down
any of your speeches
since the eighth grade.
Is that true?
‐ It's true.
Phillips Middle School.
I was running
for student body president.
‐ Why, though?
‐ Well, I lost the campaign,
and I blamed my speech.
‐ And he has not lost
a campaign since.
‐ Ah.
‐ Also true.
I just didn't like the feeling.
But enough about me.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you so much.
‐ You will thank me later.
You know you will.
‐ That is so arrogant.
You know that, right?
‐ You know that you're shouting
at a woman in a hotel hallway?
Want to think it through?
Jesus.
Shit.
‐ That... right there.
You talk to me
like I'm such a piece of shit,
and you're just, what,
some fully actualized...
Whatever.
What are you doing?
‐ What the fuck
is wrong with you?
Seriously?
A waitress
from a women's rights dinner,
and I don't know shit?
‐ What's she saying?
‐ That doesn't matter.
‐ What are you doing?
‐ "So nice to meet you.
"Thanks for supporting
a woman's right to choose.
Let's get the vote out
in November."
I'm gonna hold on
to this, okay?
Till tomorrow, because you
literally cannot be trusted.
‐
Fine.
Fuck it.
I'm ordering
room service, though,
and I'm gonna drink some more,
so get ready for that.
‐ Fine.
You're not leaving this room.
‐ I'm ordering room service.
I know I'm not leaving
the room.
‐ And I'm not leaving either.
‐ Fucking fantastic.
Hi. Uh, can I get the, uh‐‐
the petite filet, please?
And... something red, please.
‐ And order me
some fucking fries.
‐ And some fries, please.
Thank you.
Yes, room 820.
‐
What's going on, Sarah?
‐ Exactly.
What is going on, Cal?
All I want to do is‐‐
is talk to Vera,
and yet, here I am.
Why won't anybody
let me speak to her?
‐ It's between
the two of them, Sarah.
It's personal.
They're figuring it out.
‐ Well, good for fucking them.
Do you think that this is about
"don't mess with my man"
bullshit?
‐ I don't‐‐I have no idea
what this is about.
‐ Clearly you don't.
This is about Lilith...
Vera's mom...
who's missing.
‐ You left Meyerism... yeah?
Why is this
so important to you?
‐ I‐‐
I guess it started
with The Hypoxian Cleanse.
And The Hypoxian Cleanse
started with Lilith.
It's hers.
She was trying to help
cure Steve of his pedophilia.
Do you know
that I used to think
that I had every imaginable
angle of Meyerism figured out?
And I'm devastated.
And I guess that's why
I'm trying
to latch on
to something that's real‐‐
something that is actual‐‐
and hold on for dear life,
because...
‐ I've been seeing
a therapist.
‐ That's good.
Who?
‐
‐ Out there?
I am really glad
to hear you say that.
Why now?
‐
In a way, I feel exactly
the same way as you.
But instead
of losing my perspective
because of contradictions
and half‐truths,
I feel, uh...
Blinded by...
Emptiness.
Nothingness.
I'm realizing that I'm...
I'm disappearing
from my own life's story.
The pages are blank.
‐ In what ways?
Once I started to realize
how much of my own life
I couldn't remember...
um...
How much had been,
you know, blocked out...
um...
The foundation
started to crumble.
‐ And this therapist,
is, uh...
he or she helping you?
‐ No, but mostly because I lie
to her all the time, so...
‐
Oh, yes, that would hamstring
any potential for whatever
they call it‐‐a breakthrough.
‐ Yeah, apparently.
Steve didn't develop
The HC himself?
‐ Mm‐mm.
I found this film at my mom's
of Steve in the cave, and...
Lilith was instructing him
to Cleanse.
And there were some notebooks
that were still there.
‐ All right, sorry,
y‐you said...
‐ The notebooks?
There were some still‐‐
‐ Yeah. In a cave?
‐ Yeah. Here...
out by the bend near the river.
‐ Is it a cave
with painted flowers?
‐ Yeah.
I'm real.
Not in a hallucination.
- Where's your mother?
- ‐
Um...
Well, I haven't...
I haven't spoken
to her in weeks.
‐ You think you're gonna
get something out of this?
AL? Playing Meyerist?
You won't.
The Light won't illuminate
anything within you
because there isn't
anything within you.
You are hollow,
empty, and a liar.
‐ Sarah, she...
she isn't who you think she is.
I've lied to a lot of people.
I've lied to you,
and I'm sorry.
I've lied to Eddie.
‐ I don't care.
‐ Lilith...
she's dangerous.
She's not just deceitful.
Do you... do you know
what she believes?
‐ I do.
‐ No, you don't.
‐ Just because it isn't
all warm and fuzzy
doesn't make it wrong.
‐ She believes
that Eddie will die...
for her prophecy
to be fulfilled.
‐ What?
‐ Eddie has to die.
That's what she believes.
‐ Why?
‐ Well, he has
to bring Meyerism
as high as it can go,
and that's what
I was helping to do
until I just couldn't anymore.
The faith has to spread
to as many people
as possible and...
Well, The Movement will crumble
without Eddie, and...
the world will crumble
without The Movement.
I don't know why.
I don't understand.
That's what she told me.
‐ Do you believe that?
‐ I've decided not to.
Yeah, but Lilith,
she will go to her grave
convinced that Eddie
will go to his...
and usher in the end of days.
‐ Where is she?
‐ Need anything else?
Coffee, pie, a milkshake?
‐ No milkshake.
‐ Just the check
would be great, thank you.
‐
Such an asshole.
I mean, I try to get him
out of that freak show,
and he hits me?
I mean, fuck him.
‐ Hey, stop it, okay?
‐
Yeah, you're right.
I'm the asshole.
I deserved to get
punched in the face.
It's...
‐ No.
This has nothing to do
with you and Caleb.
I know you don't want
to hear that,
but it's true.
‐
‐ Okay?
This is all about Caleb
and his father.
‐ Yeah, but his dad's wrong.
Anyone can see that.
‐ Look, Caleb wants his dad
to be so good so badly.
And he wants to trust him,
follow him,
believe in what he says.
We all want that
to a certain extent.
‐ I am... I am so sorry
I was rude to you.
‐ It's all right, sweetheart.
I hate milkshakes, too.
‐ Look, it takes
a lot of courage to admit
that our fathers
have led us astray.
For any of this to make sense,
for it...
not all to feel so aimless...
We want to trust
our parents have steered us
in the right direction.
So sometimes we go
to some pretty insane lengths,
clearly, to make that so.
It's been too long.
‐ It's been hell
since you first...
brought me here.
I need to...
be cleansed
of your entire...
Of your entirety.
‐ You're too hard on yourself.
You're what stands
between me and my past.
I need to cleanse
myself of you.
‐
CAL: I shouldn't feel guilty...
but I do.
I shouldn't feel pride...
- but I do.
- ‐
I shouldn't feel shame,
but I do.
‐
I shouldn't feel love...
But I do.
‐
‐ Buck?
Buck?
‐ I often wish
I was a kid again.
‐ I think we all do‐‐
just with better childhoods
than the ones we actually had.
‐ Yeah.
Someday you'll have to tell me
about yours.
Hey, I...
I'm sorry about last night.
‐ I'm sure you say that
to all the girls...
and their lawyers.
No, we, uh... we had fun.
‐ Hey, let's go get
some breakfast.
You can pay me back
for the fries.
‐ I will pay you back,
but I think
we should stay here.
Morning‐after pancakes
is not a good look, PR‐wise.
‐ Ah, you're right.
Okay.
‐ Well... a room service life.
‐ Well, it's what
you signed up for.
‐ Hey.
How'd it go?
‐
‐ Did Caleb come back with you?
‐ No, he, uh... he stayed.
‐ Oh, that's, um‐‐
that's awful.
Hey, um...
Eddie, I, um...
I wanted to tell you something.
My mother...
I had her put away in this‐‐
‐ No, don't. Look...
you don't have to tell me.
Okay?
Not now.
You can tell me later.
Look, it's just been
a very... long night,
and I don't want to
be mad at you anymore.
I am extremely mad
at Steve, and...
I don't know what
to do with that.
‐ I'm sorry.
It makes me sad.
‐ Yeah, me too.
‐ All of it.
‐ Mm.
‐ Let's just...
Be us, okay?
Just for a little while.
Just here...
now, us...
‐ Mm.
‐ And not them.
‐ Sarah.
I just knew you would find me.
I'm so indebted to you.
‐ You never told me
that Vera was your daughter...
or that Steve was her father.
‐ I know.
And that was terribly
wrong of me.
‐ Wrong?
‐ I wanted you
to know the work,
not what was happening
in my personal life.
‐ I wanted to believe
that The Light spoke to you.
‐ It did.
And I think you know that.
‐ I don't know anything.
‐ Then you wouldn't be here.
You wouldn't have
tracked me down.
I think you need
to set things right.
‐ I do need
‐ Vera put me in here,
and she's the only one
who can get me out.
‐ I think you're
right where you need to be.
‐ No, you need...
You have to do
something about this.
If not,
you're no better than them.
You're no better than Steve.
Sarah!
Get me out of here!
‐ Hey.
‐ Ah, he returns.
Welcome back. Um...
Not much to report,
but, uh, I can give you
a debrief
on what you've missed
if you'd like.
‐ Something happen, Cal?
‐ Happen...
‐ To you...
With Steve.
‐ How‐‐um...
‐ You don't have to tell me.
‐ No, I, um...
Pray with me?
‐ You still want
to be a Meyerist?
‐ I shouldn't.
But I do.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org